The aim of this report is to describe the web-app and explain how it works and how are 
architected.

INTRODUCTION

The web-app is a website for rent and exchange of floor. The bad part is that it is not complete, 
it still lacks some features. There is no database, so I can't storage new data.
There is a navbar with five options: Home, My account, New Advert, Adverts and Log in. 
The root page is Home. In Home, there is just a tittle, a picture and a little description about 
what is the website. At the bottom there is a button which says "Start now >>", andthe action depends 
on if you are logged in or not. If you are not logged in, you are redirected to the log in page, and 
if you were already logged in, you are redirected to the page of posting new adverts.

The next option is My account, if you are not logged in, you are redirected to the log in page, and a 
flash message is displayed saying that you need to be logged in to acces My Account. Once you are
identified, there is a form where you can fill in with your name, your city and a brief description
about you(this is good if you are exchanging your house and wants to know a bit about the other person).
At the bottom, there is a "Save" button that will redirect you to a new screen showing you the filled form.
The information is not going to be storaged due to there isn't database. Continuing with the navbar, 
New Advert is the next option. Again, you are redirected to the login page if you aren't logged in yet. 
In new Advert there is a input method for uploading images(a flash message is shown after an upload), 
and a form to fill with information about the flat/house. At the bottom there is a "Save" button that 
shows you how the advert will look like.The pity is that the advert can't be storaged. In the sample advert, 
there is a "<--Back" label to go back to the form. Adverts is the next tab. Here is where the adverts
should be. This is a sample of how the list of adverts could be. You can click in one advert to see 
all the information, and bigger pictures.

Finally, the Log in tab is the last one, when you click, a screen showing two input text to log in 
are showed. When you do the log in, a flash message saying that you are now logged in is displayed. 
The Log in label changes to Log out. A flash message is shown too when you do the log out.

DESIGN

The web-app is ubicated at coursework2/src. Inside this folder we can see the python flask file
-webapp.py- which is the one you need to run the webapp. There are too other folders like /static,
where there are two more folders which are /css where are all the css files and /images where are 
some images. The files you upload go to /static/upload. In src/templates are all the templates that
the webapp needs. Navbar.html is for the navbar, and all the other templates extend from this.
index.html is the home screen. login.html is for the login page. newAdvert is for the page of post 
a new advert. advert1.html, is the template for the sample of new adverts. accountinfo.html, is the
sample of My account whe you fill the form. advertsCatalog.html, is for the adverts tab. advertExample.html
is the template for the adverts when you click for more information(."See ad"). 404.html is the template 
that appears when you input a bad url. Finally, account.html is the template for the My account tab.

ENHANCEMENTS

The most importat enhancement I think is the database, because in a website like this, of adverts that
people has to put. Without database, is not possible to allow new people to register, so this is a bit no 
sense in a page like this. The possibility of leave comments on the adverts, or sent messages between users
I think is a good option too. The sample of the adverts need a improvement of design, due to is pretty simple
and without any combination of colours.

CRITICAL EVALUATION

I think that the fact of don't having database do the page simple. You still can interact with it but you 
can't see new things.

PERSONAL EVALUATION

In this work I have learn how to use the extends for the templates, how to flash messages, a bit more
about the possibilities of the sessions. The thing it took more time to me was the way of save the data
of the forms, to show it again in another template.


SUMMARY OF RESOURCES

www.youtube.com
http://www.w3schools.com/
http://stackoverflow.com/
https://startbootstrap.com/
